# BRL2BRF Release History
For more information, see the readme.md file or the project page at [https://github.com/seeing-hands/brl2brf]

## Version 1.2.0
* Additions
    * New formats supported
        * BRA and BAN eight-dot Braille formats
        * LDF (Levelstar Document Format) files
        * PEF (Portable Embosser Format) files (decoding only)
    * New features
        * Reflowing files to different line lengths is now supported. For more information, see the file doc/reflow.md
* Changes
    * Converter options may be numbers or strings, not always a set of options. These will be noted in the --converter-help output.


## Version 1.1.1
* Bug fixes
    * Fixed a bug related to 8-dot characters when converting Unicode to BRF

## Version 1.1.0
This version includes many changes for developers. Several user-facing changes are noticeable as well, though existing workflows are unlikely to need changes with one exception.
* Additions
    * New formats supported
        * This version can decode and encode Unicode Braille files, including 8-dot characters
        * This version can decode KWB files, generated by old Humanware BrailleNote devices
        * This version can encode and decode Braille files from HelpTech displays, including 8-dot characters
    * New parameters:
        * -c/--converter: Used to explicitly add a converter to the operation. This is likely not of use in format conversion but has been introduced for other transformations.
        * -co/--converter-option: Used to set options for a converter. Use the format --converter-option <converter name>.<option name>=<value>.
        * --converter-help <converter>: Used to get information and options for a given converter.
        * --warnings: Used to set the default behavior for warnings generated during conversion. Options are as follows:
            * display: print the warning to standard error and continue converting. (default)
            * ignore: Do not display the warning and continue converting.
            * error: Treat warnings as errors and exit with return code -2.
        * --warning: As with the above parameter, but for specific warnings. This can allow you to configure a certain warning differently from the general case.
    * Changes:
        * Since there are more formats, unspecified formats are no longer guessed. If file names or patterns make it possible to guess a format, the program will still do so. If they do not, the format will need to be specified manually.
        * The program is no longer feasible to distribute as a single Python script. It now consists of 8 files. The installation instructions have been updated.

## Version 1.0.1
* Changes
    * Previously, BRF files were generated with Unix line breaks (\n). Some BRF files use Windows line breaks instead, and as far as we can tell, those files are handled correctly by all systems. Since no specification exists, we have changed the converter to use Windows line breaks for BRF files.
* Bug fixes
    * Fixed a bug that could fail to get the converter during single file conversion

## Version 1.0.0
* First release
